RESULT-0080 RECOVERY PROPOSAL — DRAFT, NOT PREREGISTERED

The research objective and every scientific acceptance threshold remain those
in GOAL.txt. This proposal is an append-only recovery exception to the old
run's immutable registration; it does not revise historical evidence.
No new scientific games or seed reservations are authorized by this draft.

1. Preserve the original exploration plan, frozen harness, raw panels,
   UNVERIFIED closure receipt, FR-0006, and RESULT-0080 direct-source record.
   Keep their exact hashes and original stopping boundary. Never rerun the
   old controller or dispatch a previously used policy/level/seed game.

2. Retain completed control blocks C1 and C2, the G reference, and the
   qualified parity/inert checks. Exclude the partial old C3 from the
   twelve-block aggregate; retain its raw panels and charges as failed-run
   evidence. Replace only C3 using 60,052,000–60,052,009 for all 58 levels and
   all four arms. Finish C4–C12 using their original reserved ranges. Each
   complete block has one shared champion reference. The replacement range
   is a proposal; it is not reserved or used yet. A fetched-ref seed audit
   found no overlapping declared range; repeat before reservation.

3. Carry forward ALL charged games, including the lost dispatch:
   controls 6,380; proposals 580; replays 1,380; total 8,340.
   Ten remaining complete control blocks cost 23,200 games.
   Projected total control spending: 29,580 / 30,000, leaving 420 games.
   Total remaining allowance now: 111,660 / 120,000.
   No extra replay allowance is assumed; any fresh qualification must be
   charged. Keep the original six sub-budgets, the protected confirmation
   reserve, the 20-round cap, and every Path D stop rule. Round count is 0.

4. Before any recovery game, create and commit a distinct recovery
   registration and new controller, referencing the immutable original
   registration and raw hashes. Freeze the reviewed journaled-pool adapter
   and all new controller/registration code in that registration. The new
   code must journal dispatch and completed jobs before aggregation, enforce
   carried-forward budgets, verify source identities and panel coverage,
   preserve all decision rules, and refuse replay of dispatched jobs. Do
   not alter the old frozen controller. Do not treat this draft as an
   already-committed registration or make a reconstructed protocol.

5. Only after all twelve complete blocks pass the original aggregate bars,
   run the original generation-branch proposal sequence. Keep the same
   promising/accepted rules and at least 15 proposal rows unless an original
   early-closure condition applies. Joint search remains conditional. At
   most one frozen candidate receives one preregistered confirmation.
   Persist raw evidence before verdict, independently reproduce headline
   arithmetic, leave checked_by unset, complete review, and never merge or
   adopt a policy.

6. One narrowly scoped existing-test change is required to recognize the
   required retained failed closure. The actual proposed change is:

   File: solver/tests/failedRunLedger.test.js
   Test: LIVE: scanner reads the real retained failed closures

   - 'RESULT-0036', 'RESULT-0037', 'RESULT-0041', 'RESULT-0042',
   + 'RESULT-0036', 'RESULT-0037', 'RESULT-0041', 'RESULT-0042', 'RESULT-0080',

   Keep its scanner call, problems assertion, legacy assertions and every
   other existing test unchanged. Do not modify receipt or Universe Map
   tests, skip tests, exempt closures, waive ledger verification, or change
   the three original known failures. Add a recovery close-out audit that
   allows only this explicitly approved inventory edit; preserve the old
   close-out audit and its historic refusal. Verify the actual full suite
   after applying an approved change; a draft does not establish a pass.

WHY OWNER EXCEPTIONS ARE REQUIRED

GOAL.txt freezes every named seed block after the first game and allows
only new files under solver/tests/, with no existing test modified or
skipped. The interrupted original registration has no contingency block.
An ordinary request to proceed does not clearly waive either restriction.

Requested exceptions are limited to (a) the new pre-game recovery
registration replacing C3 and using a journaled controller, and (b) the
one existing inventory-test addition shown above. All other original
constraints, evidence standing, seed reservations, budget charges, bars,
and thresholds remain in force. This is not a valid A–D closure yet.

Audit command (no games):
python docs/goals/policy-terms-loop/recovery-audit.py
